Quote 1 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Failure is the great teacher. So let's teach 'em something."

Quote 2 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "No one die on me, we're all going home."

Quote 3 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "They can throw the whole play book at us, I've seen it all before."

Quote 4 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "I can't close the settings menu on my bracer. How do I? Oh. Got it."

Quote 5 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Okay kids, we've got company. Pretend you all get along."

Quote 6 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "They've got one ugly looking crew. No offense to any of us."

Quote 7 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Alright team! Let's go write this war story, shall we?"

Quote 8 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Fracture
Transcription: "What did Kingdom get itself into this time?"

Quote 9 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Split
Transcription: "I would hate to work in here. You couldn't pay me to sit at a desk."

Quote 10 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "Let's ready up! We're here for radianite and we're not leaving until it's ours."

Quote 11 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Defender
Transcription: "They picked the wrong day to mess with our world."

Quote 12 from page 1:
Context: Match win on Ascent
Transcription: "Good work. Now let's evac this rock before it falls out of the sky."

Quote 13 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Astra
Transcription: "Astra, help me manage the field. A bird's eye view is one thing then there's whatever the hell you got."

Quote 14 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Astra
Transcription: "Don't let their Astra dictate our battle. Find the angle, take control."

Quote 15 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Brimstone replying to Breach
Transcription: "You don't know what you're talking about, Breach."

Quote 16 from page 1:
Context: Commend to allied Breach
Transcription: "You did well, Breach. Don't expect a hug."

Quote 17 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Breach
Transcription: "An enemy Breach? Ugh. There goes my good day."

Quote 18 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Brimstone
Transcription: "If any of you got a problem with me, take it out on my double."

Quote 19 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Brimstone
Transcription: "That Brimstone is a stubborn ass. Hah. Reminds me of someone."

Quote 20 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Chamber
Transcription: "For a straight shooter, that Chamber sure can talk in circles."

Quote 21 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Cypher
Transcription: "So they got a Cypher? He'll see what we want him to see."

Quote 22 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Jett
Transcription: "Jett, remember to stretch. I don't want you to sprain an ankle at 90 miles an hour."

Quote 23 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Brimstone replying to Kay/O
Transcription: "Kay/O, I have no idea of what you're talking about."

Quote 24 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Kay/O
Transcription: "There's something about you, Kay/O. Don't know what it is yet, but I like it."

Quote 25 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Brimstone replying to Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy, I say this with love but stay the hell away from my arm."

Quote 26 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy, do you control the admin account on my bracer? I might need you to reset the password."

Quote 27 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy, control your bots, that turret keeps looking at me funny."

Quote 28 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Neon
Transcription: "Let's roll, Neon! Show us what that K-Sec training did for ya!"

Quote 29 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Omen
Transcription: "Human or not, that Omen can be killed."

Quote 30 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Phoenix
Transcription: "Phoenix, if you keep pulling stunts like that, you can brag as much as you like."

Quote 31 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Phoenix
Transcription: "I want to see heroes, not heroics. Looking at you, Phoenix."

Quote 32 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Phoenix
Transcription: "We're fighting a Phoenix? Book your vacations now, this is gonna be exhausting."

Quote 33 from page 2:
Context: Chat: Brimstone replying to Raze
Transcription: "You bet, but don't use them all in one day."

Quote 34 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Raze
Transcription: "Oh perfect, a hostile Raze. Kill her before she brings this whole place down on top of us."

Quote 35 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Reyna
Transcription: "It's open season on the enemy Reyna. If you get a shot at that heart, take it."

Quote 36 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Reyna
Transcription: "Let's kill that Reyna, our team has got soul, I wanna keep it that way."

Quote 37 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Sage
Transcription: "Sage, if I die out there, you're in charge. Someone has to look out for these knuckleheads."

Quote 38 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Sage
Transcription: "Sage, remember that you can't save everyone. We save who we can, that's enough."

Quote 39 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Skye
Transcription: "Take us in, Skye. I want you on the front lines. Bring the whole damn zoo."

Quote 40 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Sova
Transcription: "Sova, you look after yourself. You already lost an eye for us, one is enough."

Quote 41 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Sova
Transcription: "Sova, we need eyes on the enemy. Tell us where they are."

Quote 42 from page 2:
Context: Chat: Brimstone replying to Viper
Transcription: "They're the future, Sabine! You know you care about them."

Quote 43 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Viper
Transcription: "Viper, watch those toxins this time. I'm not breathing in that crap again."

Quote 44 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Viper
Transcription: "That poor Viper, we didn't have to be your enemy."

Quote 45 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Stay in range of my stim beacon, we'll mow them down."

Quote 46 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Who am I kidding? My knees are gonna kill after this."

Quote 47 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Remember to talk to each other out there. If we communicate, we win."

Quote 48 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Drink some water, reload your mags and let's get back out there."

Quote 49 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "My smokes can block the enemies line of sight, once they're blind, we move."

Quote 50 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Shoot the bad guys. How's that for a plan?"

Quote 51 from page 3:
Context: Round start, won last round
Transcription: "Damn right we crushed it. Ugh... Even as I was saying it... When Jett says it... You know what forget it."

Quote 52 from page 3:
Context: Round start, doing great
Transcription: "What do they think this is? A backyard scrimmage?"

Quote 53 from page 3:
Context: Round start, doing great
Transcription: "Keep taking this seriously, even if they aren't."

Quote 54 from page 3:
Context: Round start, doing great
Transcription: "What are they doing over there? When the play is not working, call an audible."

Quote 55 from page 3:
Context: Round start, coming back to score
Transcription: "Punch us in the teeth, we spit back blood."

Quote 56 from page 4:
Context: Round start, match point
Transcription: "You've earned this win! Let's make it official."

Quote 57 from page 4:
Context: Thrifty round
Transcription: "Any cheaper and it'll be just me and a bottle of scotch."

Quote 58 from page 4:
Context: Spike still in spawn
Transcription: "I like the enthusiasm but no one grabbed the spike."

Quote 59 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Intro movement
Transcription: "Agent, welcome to VALORANT. My name is Brimstone. I'll be taking you through some training so we can get you out in the field. We'll start with basic movement. Walk over there, would you?"

Quote 60 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Crawl
Transcription: "This base is still getting cleaned up. Jump and crawl your way to that gun over there."

Quote 61 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: 2 bots
Transcription: "Accuracy is everything. So remember to stop before you fire. Try it on these bots and grab the rifle."

Quote 62 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: 3 bots
Transcription: "Alright agent, 3 more. Position yourself so you only fight one at a time. You can aim down sights for a closer look."

Quote 63 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Settings
Transcription: "Take this time to check your settings. Adjust your aim sensitivity. Review your keybinds. I want everything to custom fit."

Quote 64 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Sneak
Transcription: "The next bot can't see you, but it will hear you. Walk slowly so it doesn't detect your footsteps, then, take it by surprise."

Quote 65 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Shop
Transcription: "Nice job. Let's try out some different guns on these targets. Normally you'd have to think which guns and abilities to spend your creds on. But for now, go wild."

Quote 66 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Skill test
Transcription: "Let's test your accuracy. These bots pop with 1 headshot. Bodyshots do less damage and legshots even less. They'll despawn quickly so see how many you can get before the timer runs out."

Quote 67 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Teleporter
Transcription: "Ah. Not bad! Alright, track down that waypoint. It'll lead you to the teleporter, go through it so we can practice using your abilities. They make a huge difference in setting up a favorable fight."

Quote 68 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Intro abilities
Transcription: "Every agents abilities are different. See what your bow does by shooting that wall."

Quote 69 from page 8:
Context: Tutorial: Kill 2 bots using Recon bolt
Transcription: "And there they are. Use your intel to take them out one by one."

Quote 70 from page 9:
Context: Tutorial: Spike planted
Transcription: "Once the attackers plant the spike, the defenders will try to defuse it. I'll send in some bots, you take cover in that boat house behind you and defend that spike."

Quote 71 from page 9:
Context: Tutorial: Outro
Transcription: "Ahah. Excellent! Your good to go. You can always head back to the range to practice different guns and abilities. When you're ready, the frontlines are waiting. Welcome to VALORANT."

Quote 72 from page 9:
Context: Tutorial: Recon
Transcription: "Remember to use your abilities to give you the advantage. Shoot your sonar bolt at the targets on the wall to reveal hidden enemies."

Quote 73 from page 9:
Context: Tutorial: Ultimate
Transcription: "Ah! All those kills charged up your ultimate ability. It fires straight through walls. You can fry those bots from here."

