Quote 1 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Do they know what it means to be truly afraid? I'll show them."

Quote 2 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "How many must I kill before I am restored? More. Always more."

Quote 3 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "If I must live in this nightmare, my enemies might as well join me."

Quote 4 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "They fear death, they should fear so much more than that."

Quote 5 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Make the right choice, even if it calls for sacrifice."

Quote 6 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Who will they cry for once they know they are going to die?"

Quote 7 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "I already feel their hope dying and we haven't even begun. This will not take long."

Quote 8 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Pearl
Transcription: "Is that... A statue of me? This is... Unexpected."

Quote 9 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Split
Transcription: "Split. Ahhh... They don't know the meaning of the word."

Quote 10 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "Wherever I go, obliteration follows. It is my legacy."

Quote 11 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "You've brought your monster for monstruous work. Fitting."

Quote 12 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Defender
Transcription: "Do not let them plant that spike! Radianite explosions are... Complicated."

Quote 13 from page 1:
Context: Match win
Transcription: "Hold on to this moment, we can't stop here."

Quote 14 from page 1:
Context: Last kill enemy Astra
Transcription: "The Astra is gone and her mysteries with her."

Quote 15 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Astra
Transcription: "Astra, your power sends shimmers through the veil. It is mesmerizing. Can no one else see them? Pity."

Quote 16 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Brimstone
Transcription: "Kill their leader and the rest will flee like rats."

Quote 17 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Cypher
Transcription: "Do you see under my hood, Cypher? Does it scare you?"

Quote 18 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Fade
Transcription: "They have brought Fade. Her consciousness is strained as my own. This will be interesting."

Quote 19 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Fade
Transcription: "Together Fade, we will show them the true meaning of fear."

Quote 20 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Fade
Transcription: "That Fade spreads terror well. Let me give her a dose of her own medicine."

Quote 21 from page 1:
Context: Commend to allied Harbor
Transcription: "Your combat precision, Harbor, I swear I've seen it before. A past life, maybe."

Quote 22 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Harbor
Transcription: "That relic won't work for just anyone, Harbor. Why you? Curious."

Quote 23 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Killjoy
Transcription: "I will get inside their inventor's head, even brilliant minds will break to madness."

Quote 24 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Omen
Transcription: "There is another of me. How many times did I get ripped apart? How many times did I die?"

Quote 25 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Omen
Transcription: "I'll kill that Omen, I'll take his memories. I will remember."

Quote 26 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Omen replying to Phoenix
Transcription: "It helps me focus. Oh, what do you care?"

Quote 27 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Reyna
Transcription: "That was incredible, Reyna. And they call me the monster."

Quote 28 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Reyna
Transcription: "Reyna, the souls you consume, do you hear their voices as I do?"

Quote 29 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Reyna
Transcription: "The enemy fears you, Reyna. You can use that."

Quote 30 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Sage
Transcription: "A radiant healer is with them. I can feel her pull against the natural balance."

Quote 31 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Sage
Transcription: "Sage, the life you give, do you ever wonder where it's taken from?"

Quote 32 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Sage
Transcription: "Keep hunting them down, their Sage cannot protect them all."

Quote 33 from page 2:
Context: Last kill enemy Skye
Transcription: "What would you have become, Skye? Mmh... It doesn't matter now."

Quote 34 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Skye
Transcription: "Skye, the lifeweaver, the power to create, destroy. Which path will you embrace, I wonder."

Quote 35 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Skye
Transcription: "Oh, there is a terrible beast inside you, Skye. Unleash it."

Quote 36 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Sova
Transcription: "There is a fury in you, Sova. It is terrible, beautiful."

Quote 37 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Sova
Transcription: "Their Sova thinks himself a hunter, what will he do when he feels me closing in?"

Quote 38 from page 2:
Context: Chat: Omen replying to Viper
Transcription: "Wait what did you say? I'm hearing so many things..."

Quote 39 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Viper
Transcription: "Don't die here, Sabine. I need your secrets."

Quote 40 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Viper
Transcription: "Sabine, look at the monsters we've become. At least, you have flesh to hide your horror."

Quote 41 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Viper
Transcription: "Just think, Sabine. You used to heal with your skill. Funny."

Quote 42 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Yoru
Transcription: "There are no match for you, riftwalker. Not even close."

Quote 43 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Yoru
Transcription: "I'm curious, riftwalker, when you travel, can you feel the pieces you leave behind?"

Quote 44 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Yoru
Transcription: "Where should we go riftwalker? They cannot watch everywhere at once."

Quote 45 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "They think they know pain? They can't begin to comprehend it."

Quote 46 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Strike at their weak points. If one link breaks, the rest will follow."

Quote 47 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "I feel the strain. Block it out, Omen."

Quote 48 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Their backs will be towards at least one of us."

Quote 49 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Look for my shadows, they will hide you."

Quote 50 from page 3:
Context: Round start, won last round
Transcription: "I can feel their panic rising. Drive it into them."

