Quote 1 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "You can take the girl out of Salvador but you'll never take the girl out of Salvador. Wait..."

Quote 2 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Finally, back out in the field. Let's go, there's so many new toys I want to try out."

Quote 3 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "I shouldn't have to say this because, y'know, my vibe. But, stay clear on my explosions, okay?"

Quote 4 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "I promise, I'll get 'em. Might take down a city block along the way, but, hey, a win's a win."

Quote 5 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Okay, minha família, leave the fireworks to me. Should be plenty loud for you to have some fun."("minha família" means "my family".)

Quote 6 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Just me, my squadzinho and a few tons of dynamite! There's nothing we can't do."

Quote 7 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Even if I go out, I'll go out with a bang. Just promise you'll dance at my funeral, okay?"

Quote 8 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Split
Transcription: "Ugh. Another Kingdom infestation. Well fine, I'll just make sure to be extra-collateral with my collateral damage."

Quote 9 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Haven
Transcription: "This poor place, you used to be so beautiful. Don't worry, I'll send you off with a bang."

Quote 10 from page 1:
Context: Match start on Pearl
Transcription: "Hey, huh... That glass is shatter-proof né? Anyone test grenades on it yet? I'm just thinking out loud."

Quote 11 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "Oxe? Are we in their worlds, now? Or they're in ours? No, it's theirs. I got it. This universe stuff is complicated."("Oxe?" means "What?".)

Quote 12 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "Once we get their radianite, can I keep a little extra for my boombot? Would that be cool? Honestly, I don't think anybody minds."

Quote 13 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Defender
Transcription: "They think they can walk all over MY turf? I've got a grenade that says otherwise."

Quote 14 from page 1:
Context: Match win
Transcription: "Ah! Look at this wreckage! I'm so proud."

Quote 15 from page 1:
Context: Match win on Pearl
Transcription: "Aí sim! We rock! But seriously, when can we hit up the club here?"("Aí sim" means "Fuck yeah")

Quote 16 from page 1:
Context: Match win on Split
Transcription: "The city is safe! Or you know, what's left of it. Never said I was perfect."

Quote 17 from page 1:
Context: Commend to allied Astra
Transcription: "Astra, how did you even do that?! Maaaan! Where do I signup for lessons?"

Quote 18 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Astra
Transcription: "That enemy Astra thinks she knows everything. Let's bring her back down to Earth."

Quote 19 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Raze talking to Breach
Transcription: "You know, Breachy. In all this chaos, it'd be terrible if some equipment just... Got lost. You know?"

Quote 20 from page 1:
Context: Commend to allied Breach
Transcription: "Did you see Breach back there? That's how it's done!"

Quote 21 from page 1:
Context: Commend to allied Breach
Transcription: "Breach! Bra jobbat! Did I say that right? Jobbat? Jobbatchi? Jobbatchi. Jobbatchi."("Bra jobbat" means "Nice job".)

Quote 22 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Breach
Transcription: "Breach, lindo! You arms are looking great! You need a tune up?"("Lindo" means "pretty".)

Quote 23 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Breach
Transcription: "I don't have any history with that fake Breachy. Screw him, I'll put him down."

Quote 24 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Breach
Transcription: "Breach, you're practically dancing! You ready to go, lindo?"("Lindo" means "pretty".)

Quote 25 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Raze talking to Brimstone
Transcription: "Brimstone! Chefinho! Thanks for the paint canisters! Ah! Best gift ever."

Quote 26 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Brimstone
Transcription: "Brimstone? That bracer has access to the Kingdom mainframe, yeah? Just asking for a friend."

Quote 27 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Brimstone
Transcription: "Brimstonezinho, you sure I can't listen to music? You're really bringing me down here, man."("zinho" is used to make the word it's attached to "smaller", little.) Source

Quote 28 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Brimstone
Transcription: "Someone track down their Brimstone! Cut off the head of the snake."

Quote 29 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Chamber
Transcription: "Chamber, let me borrow one of your guns! Please? Ah, come on, man. Please? I said please."

Quote 30 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Cypher
Transcription: "That Cypher wants to watch us? Let him! We don't hide."

Quote 31 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Jett
Transcription: "Jett! My sister from another mister. Let's have some fun, yeah?"

Quote 32 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Jett
Transcription: "Their Jett is nothing compared to ours. Let's crush that copy."

Quote 33 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Jett
Transcription: "Hola, Jett! I can't wait for you to run circles around them."

Quote 34 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Raze talking to Kay/O
Transcription: "Kay/O, level with me, is there anything you can't do out here?"

Quote 35 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Raze talking to Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy, after this you wanna do some tinkering?"

Quote 36 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy! Thanks for letting me borrow your alarmbot. It's so much better with explosions. Why did you never try that?"

Quote 37 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy, don't overthink it! Sometimes, you just need to hit them with explosives."

Quote 38 from page 2:
Context: Chat: Raze replying to Neon
Transcription: "Wait what? I'm listening to music. Let me just... You say something? What did you say?"

Quote 39 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Neon
Transcription: "Neon, holyshit! You guys see that? Gata can move!"("Gata" mean "pretty girl".)

Quote 40 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Omen
Transcription: "Omen, thank goodness you're on our side. Ay! Great work, amigo."("Amigo" means "friend".)

Quote 41 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Phoenix
Transcription: "Phoenix, you're a star! Get it? Ahah. Okay, I am sorry."

Quote 42 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Phoenix
Transcription: "I'll burn brighter than their Phoenix! Just watch me."

Quote 43 from page 2:
Context: Last kill enemy Raze
Transcription: "Sleep well, meu amorzinho."("Meu amorzinho" means "sweetheart".) Source

Quote 44 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Raze
Transcription: "Another Raze? Ah! I bet she's fun. I mean, I'll still kill her, obviously."

Quote 45 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Raze
Transcription: "That Raze has some good invenções. Would love to pick them apart."("Invenções" means "inventions".)

Quote 46 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Reyna
Transcription: "Reyna, meu amor, what happened? Who hurt you?"("Meu amor" means "my love".)

Quote 47 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Reyna
Transcription: "When Reyna gets started, it's hard to stop her. I'd like to avoid that please."

Quote 48 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Sage
Transcription: "Damn, Sage, you do everything! Why are the rest of us even here?"

Quote 49 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Sage
Transcription: "I got their Sage, she builds wall, I tear them down. No problem."

Quote 50 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Sova
Transcription: "Sova, you listen to the weirdest music. Lots of dunz dunz dunz dunz dunz. How do you dance to it?"

Quote 51 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Viper
Transcription: "That snake lady is a joke! Brazil has real vipers. She's dumb."

Quote 52 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Viper
Transcription: "Viper, you gotta let loose! Let's go out after this, girls night!"

Quote 53 from page 3:
Context: Last kill enemy MVP
Transcription: "The bigger they are, the harder they fall."

Quote 54 from page 3:
Context: Barrier going down
Transcription: "Vamos, gente!"("Vamos" means "let's go" and "Gente" means "people".)

Quote 55 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Anyone have any splints? I may have jammed my finger...s. Multiple, fingers."

Quote 56 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "They're going to scatter from my stuff. Super easy to pick off."

Quote 57 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Okay, I only have like 78 grenades left. Hopefully that's enough."

Quote 58 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "We're here because we're the best. Don't any of you forget that."

Quote 59 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Gear up, stay safe. We're going back in."

Quote 60 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Paint? check. Charges? check. Brakes? Giggle Nowhere in sight."

Quote 61 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "None of my stuff has malfunctionned yet. Can we celebrate that?"

Quote 62 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Aw. Surrounded by minha familia. We won't lose."("Minha familia" means "my family".)

Quote 63 from page 3:
Context: Round start, won last round
Transcription: "Ah! They think we wouldn't fight back? Dead wrong."

Quote 64 from page 3:
Context: Round start, won last round
Transcription: "Ah! We dancing now! Let's keep it up."

Quote 65 from page 3:
Context: Round start, doing great
Transcription: "Never had a doubt! Let's keep it going!"

Quote 66 from page 4:
Context: Round start, doing great
Transcription: "Ah! I try to stay serious here, but this is just so much fun."

Quote 67 from page 4:
Context: Round start, match point
Transcription: "One last fight, everyone. We can do it."

Quote 68 from page 4:
Context: Clutch
Transcription: "Ah! I could have beaten twice the number."

Quote 69 from page 4:
Context: Flawless round
Transcription: "Ah... Now that was a work of art."

Quote 70 from page 4:
Context: Flawless round
Transcription: "Ah meus amores, we live another day."("Meus amores" means "my loves".)

Quote 71 from page 4:
Context: Flawless round
Transcription: "Oh... That was fun. Do you think they had fun?"

