Quote 1 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Another day, another battle. So be it. I do not fear blood on my hands."

Quote 2 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "There is no retreat, not when annihilation is at stake. This is our day."

Quote 3 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "Don't be afraid, I've gone through rifts before."

Quote 4 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "I believe in all of you like I believe in myself."

Quote 5 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "This bow has taken man and beast alike. I found there is little difference."

Quote 6 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "I was told you were all the best, that is why I'm here."

Quote 7 from page 1:
Context: Match start
Transcription: "You have me, that is good for you."

Quote 8 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "We will not withdraw until their radianite is ours."

Quote 9 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Attacker
Transcription: "Remember, the enemy defends this world. It is their home and that makes them dangerous."

Quote 10 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Defender
Transcription: "Anyone that lays a hand on our radianite may find a bullet in their jaw."

Quote 11 from page 1:
Context: Match start, as Defender
Transcription: "As long as there is breath in your lungs, you have the strength to fight. Hold them back."

Quote 12 from page 1:
Context: Match win, as MVP
Transcription: "A little recognition is nice now and then, thank you."

Quote 13 from page 1:
Context: Match win, as MVP
Transcription: "My babushka told me not to brag, but for this I make an exception."

Quote 14 from page 1:
Context: Match win on Icebox
Transcription: "The snow should hide our tracks. We were never here."

Quote 15 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Breach
Transcription: "Breach, we can only follow up if you wait for us. Nothing comes from rushing."

Quote 16 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Breach
Transcription: "Their Breach has no patience at all. He attacks fast, be ready to move."

Quote 17 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Brimstone
Transcription: "Brimstone, after we win, I'll buy you a drink if you share a memory with us."

Quote 18 from page 1:
Context: Round start with allied Chamber
Transcription: "Chamber, you are a good shot, but when you can bounce your bullets off the wall, then I'll be impressed."

Quote 19 from page 1:
Context: Chat: Sova replying to Cypher
Transcription: "And your file is missing, Amir. Explain that."

Quote 20 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Cypher
Transcription: "You've buried your secrets well, Cypher. But I am a hunter and I will find them."

Quote 21 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Cypher
Transcription: "Take out Cypher's cameras. He's weak when he's blind."

Quote 22 from page 1:
Context: Commend to allied Fade
Transcription: "Fade, well fought, there is no other hunter quite like you."

Quote 23 from page 1:
Context: Last kill enemy Fade
Transcription: "The hunt doesn't always go as planned. Does it?"

Quote 24 from page 1:
Context: Match start with allied Fade
Transcription: "Fade, with you and I on the field, the enemies' plan will crumble."

Quote 25 from page 1:
Context: Match start with enemy Fade
Transcription: "The enemy Fade will use our fear against us. So it is better to be fearless, I think."

Quote 26 from page 1:
Context: Round start with enemy Fade
Transcription: "The monsters that Fade commands are imitations at best. She does not frighten me."

Quote 27 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Jett
Transcription: "Their Jett is fast, so are rabbits and squirrels. I hunt both."

Quote 28 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Jett
Transcription: "May the wind guide your blades, Jett. And my arrows."

Quote 29 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Jett
Transcription: "Listen for the wind, it will tell you where their Jett is."

Quote 30 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Killjoy
Transcription: "Killjoy is no threat without her toys. Break them and remove her."

Quote 31 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Neon
Transcription: "Neon, perhaps I will nock an arrow in advance. There is very little time to react once you start the fight."

Quote 32 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Omen
Transcription: "Thank you, Omen. Startled prey is easier to hunt."

Quote 33 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Omen
Transcription: "Omen, we will find your answer. You will not be this way forever, I promise."

Quote 34 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Omen
Transcription: "Don't forget who you are, Omen. A man, not a monster."

Quote 35 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Omen
Transcription: "It is difficult tracking their Omen, but not impossible. I can do it."

Quote 36 from page 2:
Context: Chat: Sova replying to Phoenix
Transcription: "You lack the patience, friend. Learn that first, then we'll approach strategy."

Quote 37 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Phoenix
Transcription: "вот это да, no one can beat our Phoenix."("вот это да" means "blimey".)

Quote 38 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Phoenix
Transcription: "In the wild, fire means life. You'll be our fire, Phoenix."

Quote 39 from page 2:
Context: Round start with allied Raze
Transcription: "Raze, you always work to lift our spirit. Thank you."

Quote 40 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Reyna
Transcription: "Their Reyna prepares on the other side. Kill her before she becomes monstruous."

Quote 41 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Sage
Transcription: "I did not expect a healer to fight so well. You are incredible."

Quote 42 from page 2:
Context: Match start with enemy Sova
Transcription: "Sova, I spared you when we first met. I can't let you go again."

Quote 43 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Sova
Transcription: "I must kill my reflection, it's the only way forward."

Quote 44 from page 2:
Context: Commend to allied Viper
Transcription: "Viper, for a scientist you are very violent."

Quote 45 from page 2:
Context: Match start with allied Viper
Transcription: "Your justice frightens me, Viper. Is there no other way to find peace?"

Quote 46 from page 2:
Context: Round start with enemy Viper
Transcription: "I will put their Viper down. It is mercy."

Quote 47 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "A bow and arrow is old fashionned. But sometimes old ways are best."

Quote 48 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "If you're not a good shot today, don't worry. There are other ways to be useful."

Quote 49 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "What do you say, drone? Ready to stretch your wings?"

Quote 50 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Stay taut as a bow string. The fight demands it."

Quote 51 from page 3:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "We are strong because we are together. Don't forget that."

Quote 52 from page 4:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Watch them run when lit by my sonar, that's when we strike."

Quote 53 from page 4:
Context: Round start
Transcription: "Act on my intel. Don't give them time to reposition."

Quote 54 from page 4:
Context: Round start, won last round
Transcription: "I have more than they have ever seen."

Quote 55 from page 4:
Context: Round start, doing great
Transcription: "If we go easy on them, they will never learn."

Quote 56 from page 4:
Context: Round start, coming back to score
Transcription: "A second wind, let your senses come alive."

Quote 57 from page 4:
Context: Clutch
Transcription: "A little recognition is nice now and then. Thank you."

Quote 58 from page 4:
Context: Clutch
Transcription: "My babuska told me not to brag but for this I'll make an exception."

Quote 59 from page 5:
Context: Spike still in spawn
Transcription: "The best of the best and we still forget the spike."

Quote 60 from page 5:
Context: Spike still in spawn
Transcription: "At some point, we have to get the spike."

